and we start in Gaza where the Israeli
Army has bombed heavily populated areas
with devastating
[Applause]
consequences an air strike has leveled
homes in the city of derl Bala in the
central part of the strip killing at
least 30 Palestinians and injuring
dozens of
others the injured are streaming into
hospitals that are already overwhelmed
Al AXA Hospital in der Al Bala has
received the most patients and has been
struggling with shortages of fuel and
Medicine meanwhile some of the heaviest
assaults have been on Rafa in the South
that's where Israel ordered Palestinians
to move to for their own safety and now
the Israeli Army says that it plans to
expand ground operations there hany
Mahmud is in Rafa in southern Gaza honey
tell us what you know about the strikes
in central Gaza on darl
[Music]
Bala
yes well good morning to you first let's
start by uh emphasizing that intense
bombing campaign hasn't stop at all
within the past few days but has been
more concentrated in the central area as
the Israeli military within the past a
few days withdrew from the area it has
become a major sites of Relentless air
strikes and artillery Shing it from the
Eastern uh border or Eastern side of the
central area but we're talking about
darel balah City an area that has been
largely designated as a safe area at the
initial weeks of the war on Gaza where
thousand of people were ordered to leave
from the northern part of Gaza City and
mainly reside in the Central Area it has
become a major s of those Relentless air
strike where it caused a great deal of
damage and destruction to multiple homes
including public facility particularly
the western part of balah City we're
talking about it close to 30 people have
been killed on those massive Relentless
overnight air strikes on D bah City
multiple injuries as well by the tens
were rushed to Ala hospital and already
overwhelmed health facilities and just
suffer from not only the shortage of
medical supplies but also insufficient
number of medical staff inside the
hospital those who are not getting the
immediate medical attention having the
risk of dying on the floor of the
hospital as they had to wait for long
hours for a doctor or a nurse to check
on them honey are you still seeing
people arrive from other parts of Gaza
to the South to Rafa where you
are yes indeed more people are still
fleeing the central area and the City of
Khan unun mainly the city of Khan unun
we don't see many people coming coming
from that part of the Gaza Strip because
of the intensity of the bombing and the
heavy presence of the Israeli military
little alone the attack drones that are
at the hovering at a very low level the
the Skies of Kan Yun is shooting at
every moving object particularly at
people who are trying to flee the
targeted areas in the city of Han unes
mly there is intense fighting going on
and it just makes it very difficult for
people to leave the area on top of that
the Israeli military has failed to
provide a safe Corridor for people who
are trying to leave the city of Kan
mainly the western part of it where it
had set up previously a check points for
people in which it conducted mass arrest
for young people those who managed to
get to Rafa City already experiencing
very difficult living conditions we're
talking about over crowded spaces here
including evacuation centers managed and
operated by Ana that's the United
Nations for Palestinian refugees talking
about evacuation Zone Al maasi that's a
largely open sand area lacks the
facilities the
infrastructure overall very difficult
tough living conditions for people now
the growing concern is the statement
made by the Israeli defense minister of
expanding a military operation here in
Raa City people don't know what to do
they don't have any other option they
don't have any safe place to go to
further Southern part of the city is
Egypt Gaza border and Crossing to Egypt
will just feed into their permanent
displacement but staying in RAF has a
high risk as genocidal acts might come
to Rafa City hanim Mahmud reporting from
Rafa in the southern part of the Gaza
Strip thank you very much honey